Generally speaking, the military is not terribly accepting of failure.
We'll keep people around me, is lying. I mean, as long as it's not
a hey large start that over. Generally speaking, the military is I have
experienced. It has not been that accepting of failure, despite
me having been given a significant second chance after my helicopter
crash. However, there are plenty of examples where you see that somebody
has failed and they have been fired right away. Um, and part of
it, I think, is because it is a seeming hope. High profile. You have
high profile failures, often times, uh, that bleeds, too. Command
relief and other things like that. Um, I do not think that is a good
way to handle any organization because failure is inevitable, even
high profile failures. It's necessary to think about how you're going
to handle handle those and those people that are involved with those
failures because you can't just get rid of people because they fail.
They still have value to add. In fact, one might say that, uh,
that failing helps a person learn more. They might be in a better position.
Tau lead. After a failure like that